Apple came out with the statement
yesterday where they publicly apologized
for some of the issues that the third
generation MacBook Pro keyboards have
had so they said we are aware that a
small number of users are having issues
with their third-generation butterfly
keyboard and for that we are sorry and
they're referencing the keyboards in the
2018 MacBook Pro so these are the kind
of like the third generation of that
butterfly switch keyboard and it's Apple
it's a public statement it's a obviously
curated statement that admits a little
bit of fault but doesn't open them up to
like too much attack now to understand
this issue a little better I have to
talk about their first Butterfly
keyboard it was 2015 they built this
12-inch MacBook that was super thin
super light and in order to have a
keyboard in this thing they had to build
that new switch that could fit into that
chassis and then a year later they came
out with these devices the 13-inch
MacBook Pro and the 15-inch MacBook Pro
very popular devices but keyboard issues
start to happen right away like
immediately there were issues with how
these keyboards were performing just not
the keyboard experience right like
everyone's gonna have a different take
on how these keyboards feel but the
reliability and the durability of these
keyboards are questionable right from
day one and because of the number of
issues that people were having with
these keyboards Apple actually put a
page on their website to show people how
to clean their keyboards with compressed
air the issue was that dust or other
particulate matter was getting stuck
underneath the key cap and messing up
the switch mechanism and on a key switch
that is so shallow with such a small
travel distance it is really easy to get
jammed up the thing is the problem
persisted they continued selling MacBook
Pros that had problems with keyboards
and then finally in June of 2018 they
announced a keyboard repair program
where you could take a MacBook or a
MacBook Pro as long as I had a butterfly
switch keyboard you could bring it to a
store and they would fix it give it back
to you in a week and then in 2018 they
also announced their third generation
MacBook Pro and that's where we are
today this device here is a 2018 MacBook
Pro this has a membrane keyboard and it
was supposed to fix these keyboard
issues they never publicly stated that
the membrane was designed for this but
in repaired
documents sent to service centers it was
mentioned but here we are today in 2019
with a public apology from Apple stating
that these third-generation butterfly
keyboards still have problems now my
personal experience with these butterfly
keyboards I've had two machines go down
I've owned a total of four key boards
that have butterfly switches in them and
two of them have had these issues my
12-inch MacBook as well as my 2018
13-inch MacBook Pro and this issue is
very widespread if you go on Twitter or
just search around on YouTube you will
see a lot of content creators have had
issues with these particular keyboards
the big picture here though is that
these keyboards undeniably have some
sort of problem it doesn't matter how
much you like or dislike Apple a
keyboard on a laptop should not fail
with this frequency it's abnormal and
it's just it's unfortunate now it's good
that they've addressed it in the past
and they will probably include the new
2018 third generation keywords into that
list for the keyboard repair program but
the biggest problem is that they are not
actually fixing this problem they're not
re-engineering a keyboard and putting a
new problem-free keyboard in here
they're using the exact same keyboard
that your laptop shipped with they're
not even putting the membrane version in
the older ones so they're not really
fixing the problem they're putting
band-aids all over the place and I've
seen a lot of reports on Reddit of
people just going through their second
third fourth repair process and it's
just like that's what we have and it's
because I don't think Apple can actually
fix these keyboards in this chassis
they've done what they can a membrane
helps it a little bit I'm sure but
they're confined by the design of these
laptops they're thin they're beautiful
they're lightweight but you clearly have
issues with things like keyboard and
other issues that I've mentioned in the
past so my advice is this if you're
thinking of buying a MacBook Pro right
now I would hold out I really think that
their redesigned this year the 2019
version is gonna fix this I think
they're gonna redesign the whole chassis
because they have to there's a lot of
issues with these devices the key word
is one of the things that they need to
fix